doc: config_and_build: add table for CMake options (#14518)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/net/https_client/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Activating sample extensions
============================

> You can activate the following optional extensions when building the sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the following optional extensions for the nRF91 Series DKs during the sample build process:
```

Author: This line is repeated in 10+ files, so I edited to:
```
You can enable the following optional extensions during the sample build process:
```
